{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README\
\
\
\
\
Setting up a server:\
\
1. Run mysql server.\
2. In mysql workbench run the script CreateMySQLDatabaseScript.sql\
	This will create a sql database for usernames\
3. Run OrbitServer.jar\
4. Click the start button on the server guy\
\
\
\
\
Running the Game Client: \
\
NOTE: you will need at least two clients connected to the server to play the game\
\
1. Run OrbitClient.jar\
2. Type in the IP of the computer that the OrbitServer.jar is running and hit connect.\
3. Either create a new user or click login as guest to create a default user.\
4. Go to the Profile screen to upgrade your weapons and choose a planet image\
5. Go back to the lobby and click find game.\
6. When two players have clicked find game, the game will launch\
\
How to Play the Game:\
1. When it is your turn, first use arrow keys to select a weapon\
2. Hit spacebar to begin aiming.\
3. Hit spacebar again to stop the aiming and start the power bar\
4. Hit spacebar one more time to launch the weapon.\
5. Wait for the other player to play their turn.\
IMPORTANT\
6. When the game ends, you need to close the entire Orbit client launcher before playing again.  This is due to a bug with opening multiple OpenGL contexts. We are working on a fix for this, but for now, please close the client program and then relaunch to play another game.\
\
\
How to import into eclipse\
\
0. To be able to compile, you will need Gradle. If you do not wish to compile (and just use the given runnable jars) skip these steps and import the Source/orbit project in the usual way.\
1. In the menubar under Help -> Install new software\
2. Enter in the "Work with" field:  http://dist.springsource.com/release/TOOLS/gradle\
3. Select All, click next, next, etc finish.\
4. In the project manager, right-click, Import - Gradle. Click next. Select the "orbit" folder in the Source folder and then click **Build Model**. Select the all the projects.  Next next etc. \
5. Now there are two projects, core and desktop. To run the client, run Orbit.java as a java application in the desktop project (this is the client launcher)\
6. In the core project, run Server.java as a Java application (this is the server)\
\
\
\
\
}